Add benchmarks to evaluate overhead (#11)
ros2/performance_test_fixture: CMakeLists.txt

  DESTINATION share/${PROJECT_NAME})

ament_export_targets(${PROJECT_NAME})
ament_export_dependencies(
  ament_cmake_google_benchmark benchmark osrf_testing_tools_cpp)

if(BUILD_TESTING)
  find_package(ament_lint_auto REQUIRED)
  ament_lint_auto_find_test_dependencies()

>   set(_PERFORMANCE_TEST_FIXTURE_TESTING_IN_PROJECT TRUE)

Reviewer: You can drop all of the special casing you added to `add_performance_test.cmake` and `performance_test_fixture-extras.cmake` if you do this instead:
```suggestion
  set(performance_test_fixture_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/cmake")
  add_library(${PROJECT_NAME}::${PROJECT_NAME} ALIAS ${PROJECT_NAME})
```

Author: I thought about just manually setting the `_DIR` variable, but the add_library bit was what I was missing. Awesome.

  DESTINATION share/${PROJECT_NAME})

ament_export_targets(${PROJECT_NAME})
ament_export_dependencies(
  ament_cmake_google_benchmark benchmark osrf_testing_tools_cpp)

if(BUILD_TESTING)
  find_package(ament_lint_auto REQUIRED)
  ament_lint_auto_find_test_dependencies()

  set(performance_test_fixture_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/cmake")
  add_library(${PROJECT_NAME}::${PROJECT_NAME} ALIAS ${PROJECT_NAME})
  include(performance_test_fixture-extras.cmake)

  add_performance_test(
    benchmark_malloc_realloc
    test/benchmark/benchmark_malloc_realloc.cpp
    TIMEOUT 60)

>   # Adding executable and linking done manually to avoid dependency on
>   # osrf_testing_tools_cpp
>   if(TARGET benchmark_malloc_realloc)
>     ament_add_google_benchmark_executable(
>       benchmark_malloc_realloc_no_memory_tools
>       test/benchmark/benchmark_malloc_realloc_no_memory_tools.cpp)
>     if(TARGET benchmark_malloc_realloc_no_memory_tools)
>       target_link_libraries(
>         benchmark_malloc_realloc_no_memory_tools
>         benchmark::benchmark)
> 
>       get_target_property(ARG_SKIP_RETURN_CODE benchmark_malloc_realloc SKIP_RETURN_CODE)
>       if(ARG_SKIP_RETURN_CODE)
>         set(ARG_SKIP_TEST "SKIP_TEST")
>       endif()
> 
>       ament_add_google_benchmark_test(
>           benchmark_malloc_realloc_no_memory_tools ${ARG_SKIP_TEST})
>     endif()
>   endif()

Reviewer: Since `ament_add_google_benchmark` is just a vanilla Google Benchmark test, it has nothing to do with `osrf_testing_tools_cpp`. So you can use the existing macros, and this whole block gets a lot more simple:
```suggestion
  # Bypassing performance_test_fixture to avoid LD_PRELOAD of
  # osrf_testing_tools_cpp
  set(_no_mem_tools_skip_arg)
  if(NOT TARGET benchmark_malloc_realloc)
    set(_no_mem_tools_skip_arg SKIP_TEST)
  endif()
  ament_add_google_benchmark(
    benchmark_malloc_realloc_no_memory_tools
    test/benchmark/benchmark_malloc_realloc_no_memory_tools.cpp
    ${_no_mem_tools_skip_arg})
```

Author: I like the simpler logic, but I also added a clause to check if benchmark_malloc_realloc is being skipped, then this one should be too.
